Love is a rider, while Broncos he breaks, but he's promised to quit it now just for my sake.
He ties up one foot and his saddle puts on, with a swing and a jump he is mounted and gone.
The first time that I saw him was early one spring He was riding a bronco, a high-headed thing He tipped me a wink as he gaily did go For he wished me to look at his fucking bronco The time that I saw him was late in the fall He was swinging the gals at the Tom Linson Ball
He laughed and he talked as we danced to and fro.
He said he'd quit riding his fucking Bronco.
My love has a gun and that gun he can use.
But he's quit his gunfighting as well as his boots.
He's sold his old saddle, his spurs and his rope.
And he's quit his...
He said he would marry if he stayed out of jail, but when it was springtime he went up the trail.
He said he would marry, but he kissed me goodbye and went up the trail with the half-circle wife.
Now all you young maidens, where'er you reside, beware of the cowboy who swings the rawhide.
He'll court you and pet you and leave you and go in the spring up the trail on his fucking bronco.